Feature/fix item type filter insights directive (#673)
ExpediaGroup/insights-explorer: markdown.md

Search results can be included using the `::insights` directive:

```md
::insights{query="#demo"}
```

::insights{query="#demo"}

The search query included in the 'query' property uses the same syntax as the Search page.  Zero or more matching results may be displayed.

The presentation can be configured with optional attributes:

```md
::insights{query="markdown #demo" layout=compact sortField=name sortDirection=asc}
```

::insights{query="markdown #demo" layout=compact sortField=name sortDirection=asc}

You can filter the results from the search query by using the following attributes:
* `itemType`: Type of Insights. Can be set to `insight`, `page` or `template`.
* `tag`: Tag set to specific insights. Use it with `#` and the name of the tag.
* `team`: Team set on an Insight metadata. Can be set as `team:"<Team Name>"` 
* `authors`: Authors of an Insight. Can be used with `@` and the name of the author.
* `createdDate`: Date of creation for the insights. Can be set as a date math expression. 

```md
::insights{query="#demo itemType:insight  @dbauman createdDate:[now-1M/M to now/M]"}
```

::insights{query="#demo itemType:insight  @dbauman createdDate:[now-1M/M to now/M]"}

> Note: You can either use brackets or the query property to enter a search query. 
> This query `::insights{query="#demo"}` is the same as `::insights[#demo]`. Just take into consideration that when using certain search attributes you'll have to surround the attributes that contain double colon `:` along with the value, with `<>`. Eg: `::insights[#demo <itemType:page>]`
> 
> ::insights[#demo <itemType:page>]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: You can either use brackets or the query property to enter a search query.  This query `::insights{query="#demo"}` is the same as `::insights[#demo]`. 

When using the bracket notation, certain search attributes must be wrapped with `<>` to prevent parsing as Markdown.  This includes search terms with colons `:`, e.g. `::insights[<#demo itemType:page>]`

::insights[<#demo itemType:page>]
```

Updated the wording a bit.  I think wrapping the entire search string instead of a single term would be more clear to users, since it leaves the query the same as it appears on the search page.

Author: Sounds good 👍
